{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red148\green255\blue144;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red148\green255\blue144;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c63475\c98769\c63228;
\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c63475\c98769\c63228;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Deleted \{companyId\} from all of endpoints\
\
/cinematic/orders GET - List of all company orders if employee, and list of all user orders if regular user.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \outl0\strokewidth0 /cinematic/orders POST - creates an order and an order_item for each item in the order.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 /cinematic/orders/\{orderID\} GET - gets one order by order_id.\
\
/cinematic/orders/\{orderID\} PUT - Updates an order by order_id. Throws an error for regular users.\
\
/cinematic/orders/\{orderID\} DELETE - Deletes an order and order_items. Throws an error for regular users.\
\
/cinematic/orders/\{orderID\}/status PUT - Updates an order status by order_id. Throws an error for regular users.\
\
/cinematic/orders/\{orderID\}/discounts POST - discounts are created in a separate table and assigned to an order with order_id. They can be created by managers and owners.\
\
/cinematic/orders/\{orderID\}/assign POST - Employee/manager/owner can assign an employee/manager/owner to an order. It is NULL by default.\
\
/cinematic/orders/\{order_id\}/addOrderItem (was /cinematic/orders/\{order_id\}/orderItems/\{itemOrderId\}) POST - Employee/manager/owner can add a new order item to an order.\
\
/cinematics/orders/\{order_id\}/deleteOrderItems (was was /cinematic/orders/\{order_id\}/orderItems/\{itemOrderId\}) DELETE - Employee/manager/owner can delete an existing order item from an order.\
\
/cinematic/orders/\{unassigned\}/orderItems (was /cinematic/itemOrders) GET - gets all of the assigned or unassigned order items of the company, depending on the bool value. Works for an employee and higher.\
\
/cinematic/orders/orderItems/\{order_item_id\} (was /cinematic/itemOrders/\{itemOrderId\}) GET - Gets one order item by ID. Works for an employee and higher.\
\
/cinematic/orders/orderItems/\{order_item_id\}/status (was /cinematic/itemOrders/\{itemOrderId\}/status) PUT - Updates the status of the order item. Works for an employee and higher.\
\
/cinematic/orders/orderitems/\{order_item_id\}/assign (was /cinemtic/itemrders/\{itemOrderId\}/assign) PUT - Updates the assignee of the order item. The user and the assignee have to work in the same company. \
\
\
}